and introduction to the book of Joel.
Joel prophesied to the two tribe Kingdom of Judah
during the 9th century BCE,
and he appears to have recorded his prophecies
about 820 BCE in the days of King Azaya.
Joel was a contemporary of the prophet's Jonah and Amos.
The book contains three chapters,
and it warns of the approaching day of Jehovah.
Chapters 1 and 2 mention a locust plague
that will devastate the land,
leaving famine in its wake.
The locusts have teeth like those of a lion.
They run like horses,
scale walls like soldiers,
and sound like chariots charging into battle.
Although false worship flourishes in Jerusalem and Judah,
Jehovah will not let the rebellious conduct
of the people continue.
Judah's only hope lies in repenting and turning to Jehovah.
Did you know?
The Apostle Paul quoted Joel when he said,
everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.
Calling on God's name involves knowing Him,
trusting Him, obeying Him,
and putting Him first in our life.
In chapter 3, the nations are called to account
for mistreating God's people.
There to be crushed like grapes and a winepress.
Then, Jehovah promises future kingdom blessings,
both physical and spiritual.
In heaven and on earth,
all will be united in pure worship.
As you study the book of Joel,
note how those who make themselves enemies of God fair badly.
How different the outcome is for those who repent and return to Him.
And how Joel's prophecy finds fulfillment
in the proclamation of God's kingdom.